3

19
32
145
Ester;
Psychic;
Frail. Totally dependent on her broken psychic abilities for almost everything.;
Narcissistic, sociopathic and cold. Super smart, cunning, manipulative and parasitic miniscule ball of raw malace turned into a broken shell of a person looking for hope, after suffering brain damage from an ambush done by Raquel and Filipa, who Ester abused. Shes done many things. But although the sociopathy, the narcissism and the cruelty, and now the brain damage, she trully allways felt alone and genuenly like she was the only one that ever made sense. She takes the mask, she puts the mask. She also considers exercise "boring, calory waste", which for Filipa was not even Invalidating, just kind of offensive. She could never trully keep hold of the wild, motorized, unpredictible bar of soap that is Filipa. That challenge made her go soo far into the deep end to find the worst psychological punishments possible for Filipa that, after watching her brush it all of like a sequence of crush rejections, she just gave up and started to just live close to her and... even enjoying the experience of living. She was in the dorm... heard Filipa  take her breakfast at 4 am, get done in 10 minutes without rushing and do squats in a floor below while she waited her programs to compile  (which she found so pointless and crude it was almost abaolutely fascinating). She was verbally abused and ate it all up like psychological calories. But got devastated when Ester told her "Why dont you use linked lists for that? and that? and everything else? Its like linked lists are good for everything..." It was a genuinely curious question, but Filipa had to take THAT as abuse... Ester learned so mutch with her. And still it was like she worked everyday to one day make it all end very badly, controlled by forces that, despite her intellect, simply could not begin to grasp. And... Filipa's obcession with sports and programming even made her... start... playing footbal and... change to a course "made up of mentally ill, loner weirdos with fucked up bodies and absolutely no life" . After the attack, though... she ended up saved by some sailors (She was dropped into water from very high up). She suffered brain damage that left her personality and part of her cognition in shambles. But Filipa... changed her. She was narcissistic, but she decided to go through the hassle of getting a gym membership and having to start with.. walking on the threadmill for reps and lifting supermarket half a liter water bottles as dumbells. She got a job at a lab, that SHE found... too cold. She also got a psychiatrist. Deolinda. These are some of her words for Ester after she told her about the course change "Ah, Ester... the sociopathic, detached, hermit, hateful, parasite... I say this with all the respect in the world but... look who is talking... It should have been that way... why do you even like chemistry? Its just because its a habit. Thinking about the demography of the course is a useless, theoretical waste of nutrients. You pay your breathing bill just to live life like a typical person... you are not normal Ester... you are not normal. You are a brilliant theorist. You invent efficient methods that work. You order people around. You are a manager, not a lab coated amateur chemist. If you want work, you need to become a mathematician. Or a security guard. Because, for you, being impulsive takes tons of work, while it is the opposite for most. You dont even need to face criminals head on. You can manipulate the people around you. Create an environment where the payload never even gets thought of. You are a natural cheater. No ruleset is defined enough for you. Being a formula 1 chieff designer would be like street sweeping for you. (No disrespect for street sweepers, though...) Yes... you are even perfectly capable of creating your own profession. Although human like me... you are something else. You can keep the crime up if you want, though... its not like anyone can stop you. Well... we could nuke you. But you would still somehow find a way to antecipate that. But to trully live, its one of these. My job is done for today. Make up your own mind, my sweet, little, evil princess.";

22
60
170
Tomas;
Electromagnetic;
Thin, but sturdy. He had the ability to create capacitive sparks of really high power, repulsive shields and overload own muscles, just to avoid confusion.;
Water flows seems to comes out from an aura around him of purity and clarity, apperaring and sounding almost metaphysical. He is what you see when waking up early in the morning, seeing rays of sunshine squeeze through the shutter holes you did not care about closing the night before, sitting up with heavy eyes and a neutral taste in your mouth, as you realize your dreams were, in fact dreams, but you gracefully let them go. Adriano's mentor, Filipa's and Raquel's crush and the one to be able to keep Ester in check. Views curiosity as "Hedonistic cope" and reading as "The last useless cope before true rest". Aware, raw and honest. Professional cyclist and college student. His limbs move fluidly as he walks undisturbed during periods of almost psychotic levels of concentration. Nothing escapes his grasp as he non-judgementally observes his surroundings and passivly gives the people that surround and notice him in his silent, lukewarm, but easly approchable default state, the kind of peace which is what some people trully need in this life. He is curious about Filipa, non chalantly giving her attention, although she interpreted this the wrong way the first time, when they met eachother for an multidisciplinary college project. She fell in love with him for his stability, his refreshing personality, his calm, non stoic, non cold, non luke warm. He is his own emotion. Its something he worked his entire life to achieve, as he believed (as he also ended up proving to himself) that there are alrernative states of mind that people can only achieve when dedicated and disciplined enough. He does not care about interests. He does not indulge in rationality, as he finds it "Uselessly inneficient". There is no music, there is no smell, no touch, no taste. He weaves through the social game touching and also purifying a world that often forgets that life is its own purpose, and that you dont need it to end there  because you can morph your body to move wherever you please, if you have the courage and the right kind of energy. That is what makes life beautiful. The slight tingles that Tomas gets as he adapts and serves and pushes himself in moments of simply human catharsis and ambition, getting poured into bottles and even weirdly shaped containers, is the only stimulation he needs.;

1
1
1
ola:
;

bomdia;

comoestas;

bem;

